Components Finder - Documentation - Features description
Author : Pierre Stempin
Donations are accepted
Support contact : pierre.stempin@gmail.com

---

Components Finder is a tool to find easily and quickly what gameObjects in your Scene have a specified component on it.
Thank you for downloading this tool, I hope you'll enjoy using it. :)

---

Features :

- Find every Unity default components : 
	This tool works for the different default components in Unity. 
	The list of components you can find with this tool depends of the Unity version you are currently using.

	Exception : Find a Network Manager doesn't work, 
	so I removed the button (not my fault, even the manual search doesn't work)

- Find scripts you have created : 
	All the scripts you can instantiate are added to the Scripts category of the Components Finder window. 
	They are sorted by their namespaces in this window.

- Add as favorites the components you use to find with this tool to access the linked button quicker
	There is a "Favorites" category where you can add or remove the components you want in one click.
	This category is displayed at the top of the window, so it's easier to access it quickly.

- Fold / fold out component categories (with save) : 
	You can fold or fold out every component category of your choices, to show 
	or hide components that you're used or not used to looking for. 
	Each fold / fold out is save in the EditorPrefs, so when you close and re-open Unity, 
	your fold / fold out will be saved.

- Same component categories as Unity :
	There is a lot of different components in Unity. 
	That's why in the Component Menu in Unity, components are separated in differents categories. 
	This tool does the same thing for its window, 
	and re-uses the same different categories and the same display order as the Component Menu in Unity, 
	so you don't have to change your habits.

- Displays the component icon : 
	For most components, the component icon is displayed on the corresponding button icon, in order to allow you 
	to find faster the component you're looking for.
	The suffix '(3D)' is added to each component of the 'Physics' component category to be more clear and natural 
	that the component is not a 'Physics 2D' component.

- Find quickly scripts instances in scene :
	When you select a script file in the project window, you can now access to a
	'Find Instances In Scene' to find all the script instances in the current scene.