Components Finder - Documentation - How to use
Author : Pierre Stempin
Donations are accepted
Support contact : pierre.stempin@gmail.com

---

Components Finder is a tool to find easily and quickly what gameObjects in your Scene have a specified component on it.
Thank you for downloading this tool, I hope you'll enjoy using it. :)

---

How to use : 

- Open the Components Finder window : 
	Window -> Components Finder (or use [Shift + F] shortcut with the keyboard).

- Find gameObjects in a scene with a speficic component :
	Once the Components Finder window is opened, find the button corresponding to the component you want to search, and just click on it.
	For example, if you want to find all the gameObjects with a Rigidbody, click on the button "Find Rigidbody" which is in the "Physics (3D)" category.

	For the rest, it acts like a search in the search bar in the Hierarchy window.
	The scene will be filtered to display only gameObjects that have the speficic component on it. 

	To cancel the search, click on the cross button that appeared inside the search bar of the hierarchy window.
	
	If you created a new script (renamed one, changed its namespace or its possibility to be added on an object) 
	and you doesn't see it the window, just click inside the window to refresh it (close and re-open the window also works)
	and it will normally appears (in the "Scripts" category, inside a category named after the script namespace.

- Add or remove a component as favorite
	To add a component into favorites, click on the button with a "star" icon on it, at the left of the component button.
	To remove it from favorites, click again on the "star" button you've just clicked, or click on the linked "star" button in the favorites component.

- Find script instances in a scene
	When you have selected a script file in the project window :
		Right-click on it -> Find Instances In Scene 
		GameObject -> Find Instances In Scene 
		(or use [Shift + Alt + F] shortcut with the keyboard).